                              awget

  What is it?
  -----------

  awget is an anonymous file downloader. It consists of two parts awget and ss.

  awget - Is the reader which takes the file to download and traverses the
  stepping stones in order to request the file.

  ss - is the stepping stone program that acts both as a server and client. It
  either downloads the requested file or passes the request along.

  The Latest Version
  ------------------

  The latest version of this program is v1 and is slated to be the only version
  released unless requested.

  Documentation
  -------------

  This is only documentation for awget. If you require more information please
  email the author.

  Installation
  ------------

  To install ensure you have the g++ compiler installed on the system and follow
  the following steps.

  1) Unpack awget.tar on to target system. (This readme is apart of the tar)
  2) Navigate to the directory you unpacked the tar and type 'make'
  3) Deploy Stepping Stones (the ss exec program) on separate systems.

  Optional:
  'make clean' - will delete object files and executable
  'make debug' - will compile the program will full debug options
  'make tar' - will tar cipher will all necessary files.
  'make awget' - will compile only the awget (Requester) program
  'make ss' - will compile only the ss (Relayer) program

  To Use:
  ------------
  1) Run the Stepping Stones on additional servers.
  ss <optional flags>

    -h prints the help message
    -p <SERVER PORT> specifies the port number to listen on.

    No options will listen on port 21789.

  2) Create a chainfile.
    In a text editor and create a file with the following format.
    <Number of Stones in file>
    <Server Address> <Port Number>
    <Server Address> <Port Number>

    Where number of the stones in a file is an integer with number of Server
    Addresses and Port Number combination listen. NOTE: These must be running a
    ss program.

  3) Run the awget program.
  awget <optional flags> REQUEST_FILE

    -h prints the help message
    -c <chain file> specifies the file containing the chain file.

    If no chain file is specified chaingang.txt file will be used.

  Licensing
  ---------

  This program was created for an academic purpose and as such is free to use or
  modify.

  Contacts
  --------

  If you have questions contact me at nluedtke@rams.colostate.edu. Assume no
  information going to this email is private. Any information that warrants
  privacy should be sent encrypted to nicholas.luedtke@uwalumni.com using the
  public key available on most popular key servers.